When I look at this picture of Aristarchus holding on to Paul sticking closer into a challenging time
It makes me think about how
Brothers and Sisters really helped me out through a difficult situation
The whole area was flooded including the house in which I was living at that time
I was waiting through waters which at the deepest point came up to about chest height
The battery on my phone was completely flat which meant I couldn't contact anybody
I watched our highlighted ticacus as a trustworthy friend and my friends have been very trustworthy
and without them I wouldn't have been able to cope
My dad suddenly had a massive stroke
but then my brother, he left Java
and then just a few months later my dad died
When I was studying this article I could have immediately put names down
for people who helped me like Aristarchus and Ticacus
but then as it came down to Mark and the practical help that he was able to give
well I thought that's my whole congregation
In 2016 my wife Gary, she lost her battle with cancer
and yeah all of a sudden I was on mute
Gary is the best person I ever met
I learnt from her that when you let people in you let your home run too
I was waiting through the water and I was just thinking if I can just make it to the home
of this Brothers and Sisters everything will be alright
I'm showing off where I ran at their home as well coming inside
an opportunity to get clean, get warm and enjoy a nice meal
And just like Aristarchus was willing to make sacrifices
they offered me to stay in their home for as long as I needed to
It was clearly inconvenient for me to stay in their home
but that inconvenience that it was outweighed by their genuine desire to help
and look after me through a difficult time
As soon as I plugged in my phone and it got power
the phone rang and it was the brother that had been my Bible instructor as a youth
and he was just checking and making sure that I was alright
and that I got everything that I needed
But did it stop there in the time that followed
My friends continued to reach out to get in touch to make sure that I got everything that I needed
to even continue to evacuate around for me
It was just to make sure that I could move on from what I'd take in place
I got to close friend of mine
She invited me for hot chocolate
and then she just asking how I was getting on
I said I was really struggling to sleep
and she very kindly showed me her journal
I thought it was such a great idea and I found it really helped
I would always have five things
I could say thank you to Jehovah for
My husband League is an amazing listener
just listening to whatever I was feeling at that time
even if it was a bit wild
Do other brothers and sisters
they're also very patient with me
and I would repeat myself over and over again
They didn't mind, they were just happy to listen
I needed reassurance because I didn't feel I was coping
with my father
It was like I couldn't believe he passed away
until I'd seen the death certificate
and it was the same with my brother
It wouldn't be real until I heard the announcement
and I thought that's kind of sound very strange
but I shared that with my friend
and I should know that's fine, it's okay
and that was really reassuring
I didn't think I was going crazy
When you're faced with something like that
normal things become like epic endeavors
things that you might have looked forward to
suddenly take on a level of anxiety
some friends of mine they were like
okay, get into the meetings
that's not even a thing now
you can just come with us
then I'm going to the meeting with two people
rather than going on my own
that was super helpful
two sisters took it upon themselves
to iron my shirt
I could iron my shirt
but that was such a help
you know?
I like to tell my friends just how much
all their support has meant
not only does it help you get through a difficult period
but that love, that care
that loyalty of sticking with you
it helps you keep stabilising your other service
Naturally you can think well
I don't really know what to say
I don't think I can do anything
to change this
but it's not true
just the smallest little thing
it makes such a big difference
and the things I'll never forget
The brothers and sisters
out of their thoughtfulness
and out of their own creativity
they are able to provide
just what you need
just when you need it
it was the most difficult thing
that I have ever had to deal with
but it was also the most
faith-strengthening thing I've ever been through as well